Looking up Peter Hollens brought us to a lot of things, but when we looked up 'Peter Hollens sleepwalking',
we were brought to a Youtube video. After messing around for a while, we noticed that there was recent comment by Daniel Zabari.
The first cipher was encoded in base64, so we simply decoded that, which told us that

    "The key is the stupid default Windows filesystem type, all lowercase."

A quick google search showed that the answer is 'ntfs'. For the second cipher,
we figured out that the cipher was actually encrypted with XOR by looking at the comment:

    "But you can't really have the nostalgia AND the happiness. It's an either or type of thing.
    Only one can be true for the statement to be true.""

Performing XOR on the hex and the key yielded:

    'A frame within a frame within a frame... these six stories really take me high!'

Searching this up linked us to a wikipedia page on frame stories, and if we look for 'six stories',
we are brought to a frame story with 6 stories in all, called 'Cloud atlas".
Then, we went onto the stuyctf server on port 22222, and inputted 'cloud atlas' as the answer to the first question.

The second question was solved by googling 'perfect four merchandise donor' and clicking on the first link.
This brought us to a merchandise store for a 'Perfect 4' t shirt.
The t shirt is worth 2 donor points, and we know that Daniel were born in 1997 because he's a senior, (at the time of this write-up)
so when we did the math we got 2117, which is the answer to the second question.

The third and last question had us find Daniel's middle school, and looking through Daniel's facebook page
told us that he probably went to a hebrew middle school, and since he lives in Brooklyn,
it was probably in Brooklyn. Additionally, since the poem rhymed, I was able to guess
that the name of the school would probably rhyme with 'diva'. With all that in mind, looking up all the
private Jewish middle schools greatly limited down the search, and using ctrl-f 'iva', we limited the
number of schools down to three. Trying all three, the last one, 'Barkai Yeshivah' was correct, and we got the flag.

stuyctf{You_only_thought_you_hated_Zabari_after_Hunt...LOL}
